hello YouTube true here I've had a lot
of questions about my camera setup that
i'm using reveal my blogs so here goes
um i basically used a helmet-mounted
camera i'm using a drift stealth from
drift innovations love the camera it's a
pretty awesome i can mount it however I
want and still just level with lens the
verizon everything else i get it mounted
suicide at home with dissolved drift
innovation parts and accessories that
come with them with the helmet mount it
is velcro behind it it's a strong velcro
it's pretty strong on there and I think
if it's going to come off it's probably
going to be ground it takes it off and
if it hits ground I kind of want come
off so I'm kind of happy with that it's
just not going to go anywhere I also use
the silicone cover for the back door
because i use the external mic and it
slides it's only
barstarzz up shut it again
Ross or anyone without it alright so the
external mic I run right into the helmet
and I kind of modified it a little bit
how to clip clips on things like shirts
lapels whatever I took that off and I
put velcro on it I just wrapped velcro
on and I put a velcro patch right inside
the helmet here and I can stick it and
reposition it anywhere I want in there
usually I like to put it just under my
lower lip and so I'm not freezing
directly into a pretty big guy some
reason I don't have a lot of room in
this helmet so I don't want it right in
front of my mouth but uh that's how it
mounts he comes out really easy I just
pop this piece out here without pull the
velcro out I can take the whole camera
off so kind of nothing permanent I'm
wanting it so I can put it in and out
take it out when I'm not using it so
it's not bothering you tuck that away
the settings I use is 720 all that'll do
1080i do 720 at 30 frames a minute I
just haven't experimented with a lot of
the others it seemed to take really good
shot most of my past videos you're going
to see will be at those settings I'm
starting to do the 60 frames a minute
maybe if I do some more action riding do
some more of the videos where we're
doing some more spirited riding maybe
drag strip our top and run or something
I'm going to go to like 60 maybe I'll
get a little better footage if I'm very
happy with it it's worth every penny I
use the remote which is inside sits
right at seven tank bag thinking about
mounting it on that handle bar somewhere
and it's really nice it on a fumbled
camera I've just reached down I can look
while I'm ride and hit the button also
have a garage door opener motion
activated so exceeded night recommended
and it seems just fine so that's my
camera set up the editing stuff I use is
very basic programming I'm not the video
editing God like most of these guys are
there lots of talented guys out there
it's not me I just like to run my mouth
anyway I got some more videos coming up
soon I've got some topics I'm gonna get
out there and do some more riding it's a
nice warm 40 degrees today so maybe this
weekend I'll get out do some more riding
and make some more videos you have any
questions just leave them in the
comments down below and I'll try to
answer them as soon as I can thank you